Set Aside
=========

Set Aside is a Firefox Addon which can quickly set aside open tabs from the
current window and restore them later.

Usage
-----

Press the extension's button in the tab bar in order to set all currently open
tabs aside.  Note that tabs which are set aside are closed, this may lead to a
loss of data if e.g. there is unsubmitted form data.  Tabs with privileged
protocols such as file:, moz-extension:, or about: cannot be set aside and
will be left open because the extension would not be able to open them again
due to browser security policy.

Tabs which were set aside can be managed via the sidebar which shows the
collections of tabs in the order of creation, including the number of tabs
belonging to the collection, its creation date and time, as well as thumbnail
previews of each tab.  Thumbnail previews are not available for tabs which had
been discarded before being set aside or tabs synced from another device.

Clicking on "Restore Tabs" will restore all tabs of the collection in the
current window and subsequently remove the collection from the sidebar.
Clicking on a tab thumbnail will restore that particular tab and subsequently
remove it from the collection.

Pressing the cross button above the tab thumbnails will remove all tabs
belonging to the collection.  Pressing the cross button on a tab thumbnail
will remove that particular tab from the collection.

Contact
-------

Please send any feedback, translations or bug reports via email to
<guido+set-aside@berhoerster.name>

Bug Reports
-----------

When sending bug reports, please always mention the exact version of the addon
with which the issue occurs as well as the version of Firefox and the operating
system you are using and make sure that you provide sufficient information to
reproduce the issue and include any error messages.

License
-------

Except otherwise noted, all files are Copyright (C) 2018 Guido Berhoerster and
distributed under the following license terms:

Copyright (C) 2018 Guido Berhoerster <guido+set-aside@berhoerster.name>

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
